Cancel refund notice (#642)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/scheduler/contracts.md

```solidity
function cancelScheduling(bytes32 id) external
```

> When the scheduled transactions is cancelled, the contract refunds any value transferred during the schedule and increases the plan balance for the requestor.
> Please notice, that it's possible to cancel only `Scheduled` and `Overdue` transaction executions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the scheduled transactions are cancelled, the contract refunds any value transferred during the schedule and increases the plan balance for the requestor.
Please note that it is only possible to cancel `Scheduled` and `Overdue` transaction executions.
```
